In the dark I understand
It turns out that the person who killed Zuoi Ichiro
Ah!
Said the march was dead
When Zuojingjun was delivering goods at the dock last night
Encounter gang details
kill on the spot
person
That's right, Ichiro Zuoi is my boy
Qi Tian, you murderer
Qi Tian because he is a smuggler
Make up for your letter
Harming the people of the Dragon Kingdom
murderer
You are talking nonsense
Just a law-abiding Japanese businessperson
Just because he likes me
You didn't just kill him
You are still in trouble
What a monster!
Go away
I'd rather believe outsiders than believe me
I believe you.
Argumentative
Everyone, Liang Youwei actually colluded with the gang
Let's just leave the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
Set up a group company
It's called Xinhaicheng Group.
A bunch of trash together is just a trash dump
It's disgusting.
There's no danger.
President Jiang is right
Although the strength of each of our families is not as good as the taste of grain and oil
But we need to unite.
In Haichang, no one is our opponent
I also support
So as to avoid being deceived
They break down one by one
To avenge Zuo Jingjun
Join me too
I also join
I believe in President Jiang
Persecute delusional people in one fell swoop
Great, send up the cooperation agreement